Siniang.
Who is it?
It's me.
I have something to ask Concubine Si.
Why have you come here to find me?
I went to your room to find you.
But you weren't there.
I heard from the Young Master...
...that you sometimes stay in the Master's room.
So I came here to find you.
Last night...
...that Ding Da...
...was wailing and howling.
He was so loud...
...I couldn't sleep at all.
So...
...I came here to sleep.
Since you are awake...
...put on your clothes and come answer questions.
My Lord...
Whatever you have to ask...
...you can just ask here.
How do you know I'm an official?
You're hurting me.
As soon as Your Honor entered the main hall...
...I could tell.
Fierce gaze, dignified bearing...
...you must be an official.
You are Yu'er's sister, Huang Cui, right?
What did you say?
Concubine Si is a smart woman.
I am giving you a chance now.
You'd best cherish it.
Cherish...
Cherish what?
...the man before me?
Put your clothes on first.
Then I'll come find you.
Where did you run off to in such a hurry this morning?
I went to see Siniang.
Siniang is not Huang Cui.
Obviously, that's impossible.
Why is it impossible?
Huang Cui came from a poor background.
Siniang's figure...
...is not something that can be achieved overnight.
Besides, she used to be the top courtesan at Fengqi Courtyard.
You're the only one who doesn't know that.
Then this Siniang...
...why would she be here at Baixiao Villa?
She doesn't look like a guest.
Nor does she seem like the Master's second wife or concubine.
She doesn't lack money.
Dignitaries and nobles have spent fortunes on her.
What could the Villa Master possibly offer her...
...to make her stay at the villa so willingly?
These petitions...
...were all written by Ye Li.
Yes.
He was the top scholar in the twenty-fourth year of Qingde.
His Majesty intended for him to enter the Hanlin Academy.
But the lad didn't know what was good for him.
He actually petitioned the Emperor in open court...
...to retry the old case of the Chao family.
In a fit of rage, His Majesty...
...exiled him to Lingnan to serve as a county official.
The Chao family?
The Zhongzhou Censor, Chao Heng.
Exactly.
Back then, Chao Heng sold the iron mine map to the enemy...
...with the intent to rebel.
His entire family was executed.
Ye Li and Lord Chao's daughter were childhood sweethearts.
It is said they were even engaged.
So he is convinced it was a wrongful conviction...
...and has always wanted to clear the Chao family's name.
Then how did he get from Lingnan to the Capital...
...and become a litigator for the Capital Governor?
As it happens, this Ye Li is quite a capable official.
In less than three years...
...he took a destitute county...
...and turned it into a place...
...where families from miles around came to settle.
Before the Minister of Revenue left office...
...he made an exception to transfer him back to the Capital.
He thought that after years of experience...
...he would have learned how the world works.
Unexpectedly, as soon as he returned to the Capital...
...he began campaigning for the Chao family again.
As a result, he was repeatedly demoted...
...until he ended up as a litigator for the Capital Governor.
It seems...
...we really underestimated this Ye Li.
Fire! Fire!
Pass the water!
Hurry up!
Over here!
Okay!
Water is coming!
Quick!
Call more people to fight the fire!
She's here!
What is going on?
I asked you, what is going on?
She's here to claim my life!
It's the female ghost in red!
The female ghost in red!
Did you really see it?
I saw it!
Master Kun, guard the door.
Xiaobai and I will go in and take a look.
If we hadn't happened to be here,
Ding Da would likely have perished in the fire.
Smell this.
Does it smell like lamp oil?
It really does.
Ding Da said he saw a female ghost in red.
But when we rushed over from all sides,
we didn't see anyone.
There was no one and no fire in this room,
so it had to be lit with lamp oil.
If it wasn't a ghost,
why burn this specific room?
Destroying the body wasn't enough; they wanted to erase the traces.
How interesting.
Young Master.
Is Ding Da settled in?
As Doctor Du instructed,
we have sent him back.
We also left guards around the courtyard.
If anyone approaches,
please notify us immediately, Young Master.
All right.
You suspected Concubine Si last time.
Shouldn't you apologize to her?
Concubine Si.
I offended you earlier.
I am truly sorry.
Please accept my apologies.
Is she angry?
Or did she forgive you?
Do you believe I'll cut you down right now?
Cherish the one before you.
What strange dreams I had.
Everyone.
I imagine no one rested well last night.
So I made some side dishes today.
To help everyone recover.
Please, everyone.
Wait a moment, everyone.
Thinking that you didn't sleep well,
you must have no appetite.
So I personally cooked,
and made a plate of crispy fried pork.
Come, come, have a taste.
Try it.
I'll help myself then.
I didn't expect Siniang to be so multi-talented.
I have plenty more skills than that.
Do you want to try them?
Where is Ding Da?
Him? He's afraid of dying.
He's hiding.
Young Master.
Have a taste.
Thank you, Concubine Si.
Concubine Si.
Your skirt hem is dirty.
I probably got it dirty in the kitchen by mistake.
Then you all go ahead and eat.
I'll go change.
The villa hasn't been safe lately.
I'll go with you.
Thank you.
Xiaobai.
You stay here.
Take good care of everyone.
Yes.
Given Siniang's relationship with the Master,
it's surprising Xu Qingqing is so close to her.
Everyone.
How is the deciphering of the code going?
You're still working on the code?
I just want to leave this godforsaken place right now.
Whoever wants this treasure can have it.
I cherish my life.
Exactly.
A few days ago, regarding the code,
Ding Da was the most vocal about it.
Look at him now.
He's been scared out of his wits.
I really am clumsy.
Just cooking a meal,
and I got my skirt dirty.
Siniang.
It really was hard work for you.
No need to be polite.
Brother Liu.
Are you not afraid?
What do I have to be afraid of?
I didn't kidnap anyone's brother.
So you're not afraid, huh?
If you're not afraid, hurry up and help find the murderer.
Only when the murderer is caught,
can we look for the treasure in peace, right?
There are guards in the courtyard.
Why is there a need to lock the door?
Young Master.
With a status like mine,
an extra layer of caution
means one less piece of gossip.
Please.